Pluralization (#183)
vazco/meteor-universe-i18n: README.md

  - [Namespace](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n/#namespace)
    - [Translation in packages](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n/#translation-in-packages)
    - [Translation in application](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n/#translation-in-application)

> - [Pluralization](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n/#pluralization)
>   - [Custom rules](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n/#custom-rules)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Pluralization](#pluralization)
  - [Custom rules](#custom-rules)
```

Please change also others.

i18n.onceChangeLocale(fn);
```

## Pluralization

With this package, you can translate with pluralization. To do that you need to use the pipe separator `|` in your locale translations, like in the example below:

```yml
_locale: 'en'
phone: 'zero phones | one phone | two phones | {$count} phones'
```

Then just add the `count` argument to the `getTranslation` options:

```js
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 0 }); // -> zero phones
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 1 }); // -> one phone
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 2 }); // -> two phones
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 3 }); // -> 3 phones
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 1000 }); // -> 1000 phones

> ```

Reviewer 2: _(I'll comment here because otherwise it'd be in a random helper.)_

I have two problems with the current approach:
1. **It's backward-incompatible.** I checked and we use `{$count}` 6 times in one of the projects, and it'll work as long as nobody will put ` | ` in there.
2. **It's mixing interpolation with pluralization.** While I agree that `{$count}` is better than `{count}`, it won't work with custom interpolation (i.e., with custom `open` and `close`).

I see two ways of fixing both at the same time, but there are definitely more:
1. Add a new `getPluralizedTranslation` function, which will effectively call `getTranslation` (which solves custom interpolation) and only then apply the pluralization.
2. Call it `_count` instead of `count` to stay in align with `_locale` and `_namespace`. It's still backward-incompatible, but probably won't affect anyone. Plus, the pluralization logic should be applied _after_ interpolation too.

I think I like 2. more, but it's up to you, of course.

Additionally, I think the pluralization should be a separate function, just like `_interpolateTranslation`, so one can override it with custom logic. Of course, the ` | ` separator should be configurable as well.

i18n.onceChangeLocale(fn);
```

## Pluralization

With this package, you can translate with pluralization. To do that you need to use the pipe separator `|` in your locale translations, like in the example below:

```yml
_locale: 'en'

> phone: 'zero phones | one phone | two phones | {count} phones'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
phone: 'zero phones | one phone | two phones | {$count} phones'
```

Maybe we can use `$count` instead. We use this convention in the [string interpolation](https://github.com/vazco/meteor-universe-i18n#string-interpolation).

What do you think about using pluralization in interpolation?

Author: A good point to keep the naming consistent. As for the pluralization in interpolation, I think it's a good idea but maybe let's handle it in a separate PR?

```

Then just add the `count` argument to the `getTranslation` options:

> ```html
> <p>{i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 0 })}</p>
> <p>{i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 1 })}</p>
> <p>{i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 2 })}</p>
> <p>{i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 3 })}</p>
> <p>{i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 1000 })}</p>
> ```
> 
> Output:
> 
> ```html
> <p>zero phones</p>
> <p>one phone</p>
> <p>two phones</p>
> <p>3 phones</p>
> <p>1000 phones</p>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
i18n.getTranslation('phone', { count: 0 }) // -> zero phones
...
```

I think it's more clean and readable.

### Custom rules

Some languages (e.g. from the Slavic group) may have more complicated pluralization rules. It is possible to define custom pluralization rules to handle such cases. To do that add the `pluralizationRules` property to `i18n.setOptions`:

```js
i18n.setOptions({

>   // Key - language to applye the rule for, e.g 'pl'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Key - language in which the rule should be applied, e.g. 'en'
```

Author: I think the original wording is more accurate (except for the typo ofc). Your wording suggest the rule should be applied **_in_** the language, whereas the rule should be applied **_to_** the language, e.g. the rule should be applied **_to_** English, not **_in_** English.

Also, I think we should stick to the `pl` as this is the example I go with, in this section.

  // Value - function that takes the count as argument and returns index of the correct pluralization form

>   pluralizationRules: {
>     pl: value => {
>       if (value === 0) return 0;
>       if (value === 1) return 1;
>       if (value < 5) return 2;
>       return 3;
>     },
>   },
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  pluralizationRules: {
    pl: count => {
      if (count === 0) return 0;
      if (count === 1) return 1;
      if (count < 5) return 2;
      return 3;
    },
  },
});
```

Let's stick to one name.

Reviewer 2: I'd go nuts with this example and implement it properly (the current version doesn't work for 22, for example). You can find it [here](https://www.learnpolishtoday.com/lessons/counting-things-what-case-to-use).

Reviewer 3: Exactly. A mechanism similar to the following needs to be implemented to cover ALL numbers ending with e.g. 2, such as 22, 32, 102, 122, 1002, etc.

function num_word(value, words){  
	value = Math.abs(value) % 100; 
	var num = value % 10;
	if(value > 10 && value < 20) return words[2]; 
	if(num > 1 && num < 5) return words[1];
	if(num == 1) return words[0]; 
	return words[2];
}
